Adding missing select behavior for docs (#9020)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/commands/cmd-docs.md

dbt docs generate --select +orders
```

:::info Catalog query behavior for large projects

> When fewer than 100 nodes are selected, dbt filters the catalog query at the database level using a `WHERE` clause on specific relation names, which is more performant. When 100 or more nodes are selected, dbt queries all relations in the relevant schemas and then filters the results in memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you select fewer than 100 nodes, dbt filters the catalog query at the database level using a `WHERE` clause on specific relation names, which is more performant. When you select 100 or more nodes, dbt queries all relations in the relevant schemas and then filters the results in memory.
```
